Update asset listing (#6)
morpho-dao/morpho-security: asset-listing-checklist.md

## Discussion Phase

> - [ ] Check the asset is not deprecated on the pool (on Compound: `!isDeprecated`).
> - [ ] Check the asset does not have transfer fees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Check that the asset is not deprecated on the pool (on Compound: `!isDeprecated`).
- [ ] Check that the asset does not have transfer fees.
```

- [ ] Follow [Trail Of Bits integration token checklist](https://github.com/crytic/building-secure-contracts/blob/master/development-guidelines/token_integration.md).
- [ ] Check for ERC20 compliance with [Slither](https://github.com/crytic/slither/wiki/ERC-Conformance).
- [ ] Check the code of the pool token and check for any differences from other pool token implementations.
- [ ] Check if the asset is a rebasing token (such as stETH) and ensure that it is handled appropriately.
- [ ] Look through the governance discussions and proposals of the asset in the underlying pool's governance forum and read through any of the asset's risk reports.
- [ ] Check the risk parameters of the asset on the underlying pool (LTV or LT on Aave and collateral factor on Compound, liquidation incentive, interest rates model and reserve factor).

> - [ ] Check if the asset is supply only (on Compound: `borrowGuardianPaused`; on Aave: `!borrowingEnabled`). If true pause the borrow and disable the P2P.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Check if the asset is supply only (on Compound: `borrowGuardianPaused`; on Aave: `!borrowingEnabled`). If true then pause the borrow and disable the P2P.
```

> - [ ] Check if the asset is supply only (on Compound: `borrowGuardianPaused`; on Aave: `!borrowingEnabled`). If true then pause the borrow and disable the P2P.

Reviewer 2: Aave also have a way to simply pause borrow no ?

Author: <img width="793" alt="Screenshot 2022-12-12 at 09 54 03" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44097430/207002522-dda2d78a-2773-4eae-956b-f8058ce25491.png">

- [ ] Check if the asset has a borrow cap.
- [ ] Check if there exists any other special treatment of the asset in the underlying contracts.
- [ ] Check the token decimals and its price. For the heap data structure, amounts cannot exceed `2**96 ~ 7.9e28`. Thus, low value assets with 18 decimals can be problematic.
- [ ] Do a governance post.

## Before Listing

- [ ] If the asset passes the "Discussion Phase", the asset MUST be tested (integration test and fuzzing) on a fork. The protocol MUST behave as usual with this new asset.
- [ ] Morpho's liquidation bot MUST be able to liquidate on this asset (if the asset is borrowable).

> - [ ] Check the asset is not paused (on Compound: `isListed && !mintGuardianPaused && !borrowGuardianPaused && !transferGuardianPaused && !seizeGuardianPaused`, on Aave: `isActive && !isFrozen`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Check that the asset is not paused (on Compound: `isListed && !mintGuardianPaused && !borrowGuardianPaused && !transferGuardianPaused && !seizeGuardianPaused`, on Aave: `isActive && !isFrozen`).
```

## Discussion Phase

> - [ ] Check if the asset is deprecated on the pool.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] Check the asset is not deprecated on the pool.
```

Reviewer 2: On Aave, the `liquidationThreshold` can be set to 0 but the asset is not deprecated. There is no such deprecation mechanism on Aave. They usually just put the reserve factor to 100% and increase the borrow rate.

Reviewer 3: Correct, then:
```suggestion
- [ ] Morpho-Compound: check the asset is not deprecated on compound.
```

> - [ ] Check if the asset has fees which would break Morpho's logic.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] Check the asset does not have transfer fees.
```

Author: here it's less explicit no?

Reviewer 3: There are 2 changes here:
- `does not have transfer fees` is more explicit than `if the asset has fees`: the latter does not explain which fees to look for and whether a listed asset should have fees are not
- removal of `which would break Morpho's logic`: which I find unnecessary because the point of having this checklist is to avoid breaking Morpho

- [ ] Check if the asset is supply only (if true pause the borrow and disable the P2P).
- [ ] Check if the asset has a borrow cap.
- [ ] Check if there exists any other special treatment of the asset in the underlying contracts.
- [ ] Check the token decimals and its price. For the heap data structure, amounts cannot exceed `2**96 ~ 7.9e28`. Thus, low value assets with 18 decimals can be problematic.
- [ ] Do a governance post.

## Before Listing

- [ ] If the asset passes the "Discussion Phase", the asset MUST be tested (integration test and fuzzing) on a fork. The protocol MUST behave as usual with this new asset.
- [ ] Morpho's liquidation bot MUST be able to liquidate on this asset (if the asset is borrowable).

> - [ ] Check if the asset is paused, frozen or another pool's flag preventing a smooth listing.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] Check the asset is not paused (on compound: the CToken minting is not paused; on aave-v2: the market is active & not frozen).
```

The goal being to be explicit, and the other flags being:
- on compound: borrow paused.
- on aave-v2: borrow paused, stable borrow paused.
The former must be replicated in the market creation tx, the latter is of no importance to Morpho?

Author: There is even more if we want to cover everything

Reviewer 3: Ok then let's explicit them rather than just expect the reader to guess which flag should prevent listing or which one should modify the listing in some way (that needs to be guessed too)

I thought I covered every compound/aave-v2 flags

Author: You can refer to this [page](https://www.notion.so/morpho-labs/Morpho-Flags-0905bf47c82b4b97b0b7eab648fc7a36) for all flags btw

Reviewer 3: So I'm missing the `isListed` flag on compound, because:
- on compound, transfer & seize flags are for all markets, so it's not in the scope of this check
- on compound, `isDeprecated` is checked at the discussion phase

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] Check the asset is not paused (on compound: `isListed && !mintGuardianPaused`; on aave-v2: `isActive && !isFrozen`).
```

Reviewer 2: why don't you also talk about the borrow pause on Compound ?

Author: I'll list everything in the follwing doc.

> You can refer to this [page](https://www.notion.so/morpho-labs/Morpho-Flags-0905bf47c82b4b97b0b7eab648fc7a36) for all flags btw

Reviewer 2: Then let's link this page in this check no ?

Author: There are still comments and discussion on it though :/

Reviewer 3: If the borrow is paused, we could still list the asset, but list it with borrow paused. This is ensured in the listing phase and is the reason I didn't mention it
I'm ok to refer the Notion page in this check!

## Listing

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] If the market borrow side is paused, batch a `setIsBorrowPaused` governance tx to mimick the underlying pool's behavior.
```

to place somewhere in the listing flow

Author: there's already this line: `- [ ] Check if the asset is supply only (if true pause the borrow and disable the P2P).`
